<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>

<refentry lang="&language;">
<refentryinfo>
<title>KDE User's Manual</title>
<author><firstname>Ben</firstname><surname>Burton</surname>
<contrib>KTouch man page.</contrib>
<email>bab@debian.org</email></author>
<date>2012-11-18</date>
<productname>K Desktop Environment</productname>
</refentryinfo>

<refmeta>
<refentrytitle><command>ktouch</command></refentrytitle>
<manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
</refmeta>

<refnamediv>
<refname><command>ktouch</command></refname>
<refpurpose>a typing tutor for KDE</refpurpose>
</refnamediv>

<refsynopsisdiv>
<cmdsynopsis>
<command>ktouch</command>
<group choice="opt"><option>URL</option></group>
<arg choice="opt">KDE Generic Options</arg>
<arg choice="opt">Qt Generic Options</arg>
<arg choice="opt">KTouch Options</arg>
</cmdsynopsis>
</refsynopsisdiv>

<refsect1>
<title>Description</title>
<para>&ktouch; is a program for learning touch typing.  It helps you learn
to type on a keyboard quickly and correctly.  Every finger has it's place on
the keyboard with associated keys to press.</para> 
<para>&ktouch; helps you learn to touch type by providing you with text to
train on, and adjusts to different levels depending on how good you are.  It
can display which key to press next, and correct finger to use.</para>
<para>This application is part of the official &kde; edutainment
module.</para>
</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>KTouch Options</title>
<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><option>--opengl</option></term>
<listitem><para>Use a QGLWidget for the viewport.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term><option>--resource-editor</option></term>
<listitem><para>Launch the course and keyboard layout editor.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>See Also</title>
<para>More detailed user documentation is available from <ulink
url="help:/ktouch">help:/ktouch</ulink>
(either enter this <acronym>URL</acronym> into &konqueror;, or run
<userinput><command>khelpcenter</command>
<parameter>help:/ktouch</parameter></userinput>).</para>

<para>There is also further information available at the <ulink
url="http://edu.kde.org/ktouch/">&kde; edutainment website</ulink>.</para>
</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>Authors</title>
<para>KTouch was written by <personname><firstname>Haavard</firstname><surname>Froeiland</surname></personname> <email>haavard@users.sourceforge.net</email> and <personname><firstname>Andreas</firstname><surname>Nicolai</surname></personname> <email>Andreas.Nicolai@gmx.net</email>.This manual page based on the one prepared for Debian by <personname>
<firstname>Ben</firstname><surname>Burton</surname></personname>
</para>
</refsect1>

</refentry>
